Include cookie prefixes (#388)
OWASP/wstg: document/4_Web_Application_Security_Testing/4.7_Session_Management_Testing/4.7.2_Testing_for_Cookies_Attributes_WSTG-SESS-002.md

  - `Lax`: this less restrictive value enables the top-level navigation of the cookie. This means that the cookie will be sent by the browser if the domain in the URL equals the cookie’s domain (first-party) even if the link is coming from a third-party domain. This value is considered by most browsers the default behavior since it provides a better user experience than the `Strict` value.
  - `None`: using this value the browser will send the cookie on cross-site requests (the normal behavior before the implementation of `SamseSite`) only if the `Secure` attribute is also used, _e.g._ `SameSite=None; Secure`.

> By design cookies does not have the capabilities to guarantee the integrity and confidentiality of the information stored on them. Those limitations make impossible for a server to have confidence about how a given cookie attributes were set on it's creation. In order to give the servers with these features in a backwards-compatible way, cookies introduced the usage of `Cookie Name Prefixes` to introduce smuggling information embedded to the cookie name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design cookies do not have the capabilities to guarantee the integrity and confidentiality of the information stored in them. Those limitations make it impossible for a server to have confidence about how a given cookie's attributes were set at creation. In order to give the servers such features in a backwards-compatible way, the industry has introduced the concept of [`Cookie Name Prefixes`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-cookie-prefixes-00) to facilitate passing such details embedded as part of the cookie name.
```

> - `__Secure-` - This cookie prefix is the less restricted and can be introduced by adding the case-sensitive string `__Secure-` to the cookie name. While using this prefix both the server and browser would know that the cookie is expected to be created with the `Secure` attribute such as: `Set-Cookie: __Secure-SID=12345; path=/; Secure`. Otherwise, the cookie would not be accepted due to the lack of `Secure` flag and delivered by a secure channel. Any cookie that match the prefix `__Secure-` would be expected the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `__Secure-` - This cookie prefix is less restrictive and can be introduced by adding the case-sensitive string `__Secure-` to the cookie name. While using this prefix both the server and browser would know that the cookie is expected to be created with the `Secure` attribute such as: `Set-Cookie: __Secure-SID=12345; path=/; Secure`. Otherwise, the cookie would not be accepted due to the lack of `Secure` flag or delivery by a secure channel. Any cookie that matches the prefix `__Secure-` would be expected to fulfill the following conditions:
```

>   1. The cookie must be set with a `Secure` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The cookie must be set with the `Secure` attribute.
```

>   2. The cookie must be set from an URI considered secure by the user agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. The cookie must be set from an URI considered secure by the user agent.
  
```

> - `__Host-` - This much more restrictive cookie prefix provides additional requirements added to the ones requested by the `__Secure-` prefix. Any cookie that match the prefix `__Host-` would be expected the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `__Host-` - This much more restrictive cookie prefix provides additional requirements added to the ones requested by the `__Secure-` prefix. Any cookie that matches the prefix `__Host-` would be expected to fulfill the following conditions:
```
